Sister Mei, look, these fish they just planned to be quite big.
Don't tell me, our family eats sweets.
Let them fish like this, and there will be quite a lot of fish.
There are so many fish, let’s grow them and I’ll take care of them.
Keep two at home and prepare the rest for Zero.
Make more friends. Otherwise something will happen to you in the future,
There will be no one to help you stand out. After all, I always have to leave.
That's right, I'm such a poor person,
Who can see that you are really so close to me? As for men,
Can't avoid holes. As for women,
You don't dare to talk to me at all. Something happened.
Who cares about me. Sorry Sister Mei,
I don't want to stay to protect you.
The future is the first thing that can be said